[Autogenerated] So before I can use this repository in my application,
I need to do several things.
Anita lets Spring note that I'm using this repository so
you have to configure spring to do that.
Once you've done that,
I have to be able to inject this repository into the place where it's needed,
which in this case will be the web application now to
make something injectable in spring.
I could use the named attribute on that tell spring that this thing is named,
and then when it looks for something to inject,
it looks for all the named objects, finds this one and injected.
However, a better annotation to use would be repository.
So Repository is what's known as a meta annotation.
It's an annotation that is itself annotated.
It's essentially a named object, but it's a named object with a better name.
I'm telling spring that this is a repository.
I'm telling people that use my code later that this is a repository,
so it carries more information along with it.
Once I have that, I now need to configure my application.
So I think of the web as being the main application.
I want to apply configuration to this application to tell
spring how to run the application on.
We do that by adding a configuration file.
So if we open the web config file here we see it implements
interface called web MVC Configure Now what?
We could use nXML configuration.
Most people now use Java configuration.
XML is just so last century We've really stopped using XML
configuration these days also with java configuration,
everything is in one place and it's all in the code.
So with the Java configuration, we give the pas a chance to pass the java.
So if I make a spelling mistakes at least on the annotations
in the Java Pozzo will pick that up for me.
For me, the spelling mistakes on my XML we might miss that.
So here notice them specifying enable JPA repositories.
So I'm telling spring where to scan to find these repositories and
in this case I'm giving it the name of a base package which is calm
Docker Pluralsight dark jacket and that corresponds to the package
name for my repository.
So calmed a Pluralsight dark jacket.
Also in this configuration we're configuring our entity manager factory So
this is the configuration for hibernate hibernate in this case is our
entity manager Know that is specifying hibernate.
JPA vendor adapted here.
So we're using hibernate.
We have some additional.
Hey, Bernie Properties that we set us.
Well, the important thing to notice here,
though,
is that we call set packages to scan on the entity manager
factory being now the package we set the scan were passing
a base package name to this.
That's calm.
Docker Pluralsight dark jacket on That corresponds to the base package.
And if my entities so article is calmed,
a Pluralsight are jacket or data models article and then
base model is in the same package.
So base model is also in calmed a Pluralsight dark jacket.
So by setting up the entity manager on by enabling these repositories,
we should not be ready to use the repository in our
code on go and get some data.
So you may remember that I have a control it in my web
application called article Controller.
If I open that up,
this is where we'll make use of our repository on to use this repository.
I need to inject it into the controller.
So in the controller and a at a private variable of type articles.
Repository bringing the references.
Lots of bringing the package.
Name and a ID.
Another promise to make instructor.
That's going to to have type articles Repository.
I'll name that repository here.
We then just said this stop repository equals two repository Notice My
articles Controller is marked with the inject annotation and that tells spring
in this case to inject these things that it confined.
So articles repository,
remember is marked as a repository And that's a named object.
I will inject that into the controller here.
So one has been injected we can use it so in my code hear I can say
repository dot On this will have a fine all method on it.
And a find all methods comes from the crowd Repository interface and a find
all method returns a collection off article objects In fact,
it returns something of type irritable but we can usv a
here is this is Java 11 so I can save our articles on
That's the data I've got back on.
Now that I have that back I can generate a few model from this on.
Send the view model off to the web page and have it
have that data displayed on the page.
So the code ends up looking like this.
We grab the articles from the repository.
We generate a list of view models called articles on.
We trade over the entities and for each entity we transform
it into a view model and then pass that view model off to
the view to display the data.
Notice that the key thing here is that we're just calling find all and a.
Remember the find all was a method on the crowd repository in the face.
We've never implemented that.
We'll see the moment that find all returns.
All the data that we need the view model we create is then passed
on to the view that's used by indexed on HTML.
So if I go and find out in my jacket web code so we
see here we're using Time Leaf,
and part of the time leave construct is to it right over each of these articles
and then display information about the article on the page.
So if you look in my SQL,
you'll see that I've inserted some data into the database.
And if we do a select star from jagged db to articles and execute this,
we'll see that we have four rows in.
Here we have BBC news, Pluralsight, Stack,
overflow and Java,
and each one of these has an image associated with it on a title.
So we're now in a position to run the code.
If I go and run this spring application,
we'll see it fire up in the console and should be ready to browse.
If I got to Chrome on, go to local host 80 81 on.
Sure enough, we see something.
We are getting back these four entries from the database.
However, we don't have the code in place yet to display.
The images were just getting placeholders here.
This could be anything, so let's just proves that we are getting some data back.
So I go back into the web page and each article display its title.
Let's say Save that, Go back to Chrome and refresh on we can.
See that we are getting each of these titles from the database.
We are reaching into the database and are pulling out the
data that's being done from the controller,
with controllers calling fine all on the repository.
And a final is justifying on this credit repository interface,
so we haven't implemented this. It's done by the generally repository proxy for us by spring